docs: Improve id-denylist documentation (#16223)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/rules/id-denylist.md

}
```

> **Note:** First element of the array specifies the severity of the rule and it should be one of the following: 0 = "off", 1 = "warn", 2 = "error". Rest are the disallowed identifiers you want to add.

Reviewer: Instead of restating the values for severity, can we just link to the section on configuring rules in the docs?

Author: Hi Nicholas, thanks for the feedback! I updated it. Please let me know if I can do further improvement in the sentence.

}
```

> **Note:** First element of the array is for [rules configuration](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/configuring/rules). Rest are the disallowed identifiers you want to add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The first element of the array is for the rule severity (see [configuring rules](/docs/latest/user-guide/configuring/rules). The other elements in the array are the identifiers that you want to disallow.
```
